I have learned about network/ Internet Protocols/ somewhat about socket programming, To understand the basic underlying structure that supports the communication today. Its just how amazing that in IPv4 addresses from classes to classless addressing using CIDR ranges to define a subnet. And IPv4 address just supports around 4 billion devices so that switch to IPv6 address which supports 2 to the power 128 devices which is not going to  exhausted in next near future of human kind. Using multiple headers for a single data packet to provide end to end encryption or various other purposes. That was just amazing how all these underlying networking structure defines the internet or communication today..

I want to be working on Operating system or virtualization or docker projects. I really love these technologies. Its just amazing how OS done all this magic for us. Anything you want to do on your machine if you have an OS on your machine you can do it. Whether you want to stream videos stored on your old PC over your WiFi you can do it with just a few lines of code or using a ftp or http server you just have to do a fraction of work, OS will take care for the rest of the things like your WiFi connections, your files and so on. Its just amazing how beautifully OS takes care for everything. Virtualization is another technology that excites me how virtualization rooted cloud computing is booming these days.I consider Docker as another level of virtualization. That is just amazing how you can launch a completely new isolated OS using the existing kernel in just few megabytes. I want to be working on any one of these technologies.

I came from a very small town. Even during my Computer Science degree I didn't found anyone as passionate as me in Operating systems and related stuff. Even from ancient ages human are evolving in communities and tribes, I am looking for my tribe, I need a community where everyone is passionate about something, May be a buddy who is passionate about OS as of me, if not still a community that is growing altogether working for hours everyday building something new, understanding something new everyday. And I want to come to New York. 

I would like to contribute in Operating system related projects like Linux kernel (Dream), fedora, ubuntu and other bleeding edge linux flavors like Arch Linux and many more.

I have worked on various technologies ranging from programming language like C, C++, Python, JavaScript  to Web development using Node.js for back-end and HTML, CSS for front-end designs, including Docker for containerization of applications, MySQL for database to web apps, Redhat Linux for system administration, AWS to OCI (Oracle Cloud Infrastructure) for deployment of application over cloud. I am also an OCI certified foundations associate 2020. I have also some hands on experience with pyspark and Databricks APIs for big data analyics or implementing ML algorithms over Spark python job cluster in Databricks. 

I am in the final year of my Computer Science and Engineering Degree. I am expected to be graduate in 2020 as soon as this corona virus pandemic got over probably in the month of July,